Know General Director Ngo
Don't play anymore.
Who guards the house with such a good watch?
The old lady said it.
Today I have to tie you up too.
Go talk to my grandmother.
Today I will definitely bring my granddaughter-in-law back to him.
Vice president
I will help you escape them.
So come in quickly.
I...
Hi, beauty.
Do you see a person wearing a security guard uniform?
Looks very handsome.
Hey, it's me.
Thank.
You said you were handsome.
In the future, I will steadfastly work as a security guard and make money.
Don't mess with these nobodies.
You know, I'm in no hurry.
Take these 200 dong first.
I'm engaged. Goodbye.
Wedding dress delivery service
Now brides can still deliver.
Tomorrow the group and the Luc family will be hundreds of billions
The order is ready.
Great lady.
For the past three years, he has been in Long Xuyen hiding his identity as a delivery worker.
Ruktin support
Today's engagement party is not as good as revealing your identity.
Waiting for the Luc family to leap forward to become one of the four great Long Xuyen families
Father will definitely accept him.
Today I have a surprise for Curtin.
Tinh Nhi is so beautiful today.
Ha ha ha
Ke Ting
What's going on?
Isn't today our engagement party?
Because Curtin wants to break up with you.